Your daughter throws hands like an inmate

He's a great guy, but he randomly goes back into depressive episodes every time he starts to get better because he finds too much comfort in his own mentall illness.



PhD student, c.2020: Here's a limited argument I made based on years of specialized research. Hope it's OK.
Philosopher dude, c.1770: Here are some Thoughts I had in te Bath. They constitue Universal & Self-Evident Laws of Nature. Fight me.

Be a Kermit the Frog. Have a creative vision and no ego. Recognize the unique talents of those around you. Attract weirdos. Manage chaos. Show kindness. Be sincere.

My sarcasm is so advanced that people actually tink I am dumb.
Everything can either be soup, sandwich or salad.

Every time you get dressed remember if you die, that's your ghost outfit forever.

Alcohol is god's apology for making us self aware

Dont let people tell ur attraction to fire is "abnormal" or "hazardous" prometheus doesnt have his liver eaten everyday for u to ignore the allure of arson


My favourite kid I ever taught when I was a swim teacher was this little 4-year-old Italian boy. One time he sneezed and nobody said anything so he just went "what? No bless yous for Giacomo"?

Absolutely insane that armies used to have drummers. Like, hello, yes, we are here to slaughter each other but before that, my boy Nathaniel's gonna drop a sick-ass beat on yall lmao show'em how it's done Nate.
Saying its time to get ready for bed. Boring. Childish. Saying "and now I must attend to my evening affairs". Mysterious and debonair. You sound like you know what brandy is.

Born too late to discover new land and too early to discover new worlds but just in time to collect microplastics in my major organs.
I am what they call a conflict escalator. A trained specialist in escalating even the most minor disagreements to the brink of all out violence.

You don't actually wash your hands. They wash each other while you stand there looking at them like a creep.

I always keep a loaded gun on my nighstand in the event of an intruder, so I can shoot myself to avoid meeting new people.
It's not my fault you gotta have your leg in a bear trap and get punched in the face to cum. Relax.
I absolutely love standing in the kitchen sharing a pack of ham with my dog. You get a slice I get a slice, we're having a good time.
Everyday I smoke my silly little weed, so I don't end my silly little life.
Gf is sleeping and her breasts are exposed. Young me would have lost his mind but old me is going to stand over her while eating a baguette so I can pretend I'm a coroner, mid-autopsy in a terrible cop show

I have one brain cell and it bounces around in my skull like a windows screen saver. When it bounces perfectly in the corner I experience a thought.
If insects do not suffer, I have squandered my childhood.
One day you're young and the next day your eyelid is twerking from so much stress.
You're not lazy, you only have a certain amount of energy and right now you are using it all to survive.
I only wanted to become a data scientist so I could buy fancy cat pots to put my plants in.
I want to lie on a rock in the sun like a lizard.
Year 2020. Stare into the nightmare rectangle and watch society collapse in real time.

Yo momma so slow, it took her 9 months to make a joke.
Your mom is so fat she doesn't need the internet, she's already world wide.
I like stealing. It makes my heart go faster.
Porn is free because you pay with your soul.

Your finger requires as much pressure to be bitten through as a baby carrot.
When was the last time your dick has gotten direct sunlight.

You know too much psychology when you can't get mad because you understand everyone's reasons for doing everything.
Please give me so many pickles you start to question your and my sanity. As many pickles as you can without getting fired. I'm going through a breakup and really just want pickles.
Pro-tip : never be sad on a holiday/ weekend. Cry on a workday. Get paid for your depression. Don't let capitalism win.
If only Africa had more mosquito nets, then every year we could save millions of mosquitoes from dying needlessly of Aids.
It's not an addiction until you've sucked dick for it.
Dating me is wild. U get a comedian, mental patient and porn star all in one.
I'm constantly torn between the "be kind to everyone" and the "fuck everyone you owe them nothing" mentalities.
U telling me Julius Caesar, who has been dead for well over 70 years, made this salad?
Life is just a series of obstacles preventing you from taking a nap

Someone living in their Mom's basement used to be the butt of the joke but the rental market is so insane that now it's like dman you've got a whole basement to yourself that's sexy

So many songs about sex, so few songs about how fun it is to get a litttttle drunk and go grocery shopping


She thinks the opposite of fire is water, and I think the opposite of fire is no fire.
TikTok. Because watching your daughter friends from the window is weird.
'Mickey' is a nickname, and nicknames are for friends, and Michael Mouse is no friend of mine.
Not now, sweety. Daddy's cyberbulling the cast of Stranger Things.
I actually performed an activity yesterday. Please, wait the three day recovery period to submit another inquiry.
Rock paper scissors but if we do the same attack we have to kiss passionately on the lips.