Make it not look like love.

That's what's trending now.

So much pain deep inside in the name of freedom.

You say free. I say coward.

Coward all who have no guts to embrace the moment. 
Coward all who are not present when the other is naked and vulnerable.

Coward all who set up boundaries right from the beginning.

I just don't want anything serious.

As if it weren't serious enough being physically inside another being. 
I just don't believe in labels.

As if there were something wrong with labeling things.

I just want to hang out.

As if life was going to last forever.

There's something so neurotic in the way we relate to each other these days.

So disrespectful to life. 
So impatient.

And yet we always want more: spicier, fatter, bigger, taller, prettier, stronger, thinner. 
We get bored because we can't stand ourselves.

Because we want no one to get to know us.

Because it is easier to start fresh every couple of years, selling our best face.

Because it's much easier to fuck than to clean what has been fucked. 
Because we are scared that deep inside we might be an actual fraud. 
That had the other one just scratched a little, they would find nothing.

Nothing serious.

So we keep on scratching, exchanging the same old cards, wearing expensive lingerie to have others clean their feet on it as they come in.

Making a timeshare of love.

Don't you sometimes feel that you are worth more than all that you do?

That you are a fucking miracle.

With your eyes, that can still see.

With your feet moving, to take you wherever you want.

With your mouth, able to say thank you.

With your skin, taking your own little space in this world.

Don't you sometimes feel that you deserve more than that little they give you?

A couple of poorly planted kisses.

Three minutes between the legs.

Five bull like charges.

And one WhatsApp: don't hassle me. 
You tell me how you manage not to feel something when you do.

How do you pretend life?

How do you manage so that it never looks like love?

That it simply looks like an accident.